I am a student from Fudan University in China who has no income yet. To register the course, I have to pay 59 dollars (i.e. 354 yuan). As a young student without income, I cannot afford it. My family can only provide me limited finance support which does not cover the cost of extra online coursers.
I will observe the honor code during the course. I will complete my assignments independently. When I come across some obstacles, I will properly reference resources and figure out on my own instead of copying any results from other classmates. I will actively participate in  discussion about content in the course and offer help for others as much as possible.

At the same time, i am also actively looking for internship and full time job in Shanghai. Once I get the job and receive the salary, I think my financial condition would be better.Thanks a lot. I would definitely make full use of the financial aid and learn the course well.When participatingin the course, I will finish the assignments and quiz on time by myself.When I come across some questions, I will discuss with the peers in the course community. When necessary, I will also contribute my thoughts on the community forums.

2、I am really interested in Machine Learning. Besides, I participated in Algebra class and other relevant courses, so I have accumulated some experience in the field. I plan to look for a job about data science/machine learning, or continue some academic research on it and pursue higher degree. Therefore, the certification can help me in application of jobs or further education.

At the same time, i am also actively looking for internship and full time job in Shanghai. Once I get the job and receive the salary, I think my financial condition would be better.Thanks a lot. I would definitely make full use of the financial aid and learn the course well.When participatingin the course, I will finish the assignments and quiz on time by myself.When I come across some questions, I will discuss with the peers in the course community. When necessary, I will also contribute my thoughts on the community forums.